Joaobrunoah/bpt as collateral (#1)
joaobrunoah/docs: docs/concepts/advanced/bpt-as-collateral.md

in terms of its "base asset," which in the case of the 3pool is some imaginary version of "USD." In other words, 
`get_virtual_price()` accounts for the accumulation of yield since the creation of the pool, and **assuming all 
three underlying price pegs are pretty good**, it can be considered a valid USD price of the 3pool LP token.

In case of a depeg, step #2 above ensures that we underprice (at worst) the LP token so as not to make any poor 
price assumptions to the upside and leave lending markets at risk of accumulating bad debt. It is better to 
underestimate and over-liquidate than it is to do the opposite, and in fact the minimum price should be 
representative of the pool's entire balance as long as the amplification factor is sufficiently high.

## Balancer

To translate this methodology for any Balancer `StablePool` (from the original `StablePoolFactory`, 
which does not include `RateProviders`):

1. Query Chainlink prices for all constituent tokens (i.e., `vault.getPoolTokens(poolId)`).
2. Compute the minimum of those prices and call it `minPrice`.
3. Return `minPrice * pool.getRate()`.

> # Problem Introducing `RateProviders`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Problem: Introducing `RateProviders`
```

> # StablePool's BPT as Collateral
> 
> Throughout this document, the term "`StablePools` with `RateProviders`" is used. This refers to any Balancer V2 
> pool employing the `StableMath` library and allowing for the inclusion of `RateProviders` for some or all 
> constituent tokens. Several pool factories deploy pools which employs `StableMath`, such as `MetaStablePool`, 
> `StablePhantomPool`, and `ComposableStablePool`.
> 
> # How to price BPT of a stable pool without rate providers?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# `StablePool` BPT as Collateral

Throughout this document, the term "`StablePools` with `RateProviders`" is used. This refers to any Balancer V2 
pool employing the `StableMath` library and allowing for the inclusion of `RateProviders` for some or all 
constituent tokens. Several pool factories deploy pools which employ `StableMath`, such as `MetaStablePool`, 
`StablePhantomPool`, and `ComposableStablePool`.

# Pricing `StablePool` BPT (without `RateProviders`)
```

where
* $P_{RP_i}$ is the price from RateProvider of token `i`;
* $B_i$ is the balance of token `i`;
* $chi$ is a function of the amplification factor of the stable pool. The closer to the equilibrium,
  the greater is $chi$;
* $n$ is the total number of tokens in the pool.

When the stable pool is near equilibrium, the $chi$ parameter is near infinite, so the invariant will be approximately 
the constant sum invariant.

$$ invariant = \sum_{i=0}^{n} P_{RP_i} * B_i $$

The invariant is used to calculate `pool.getRate()`, which is `uint256 rate = invariant/actualBptSupply`. So, in order 
to multiply `minPrice * pool.getRate()`, the RateProviders prices of the invariant must be normalized. To accomplish 
that, an understanding of the price components of an underlying token is needed.

### Constituent Token Prices

The constituent tokens have two different valuations: the market price (Chainlink oracles) and the pool price
(RateProvider). The market price and the RateProvider price are usually close in value, so a division between these
numbers tends to be close to 1, making the division to be a good candidate to normalize prices and find the lowest

> price. So, the `minPrice` would be calculated by

Author: I couldn't do a proper introduction in this section without some redundancy. I can remove it, but I think it'll be disconnected.

> price. So, the `minPrice` would be calculated by

Author: @rabmarut , about this comment, do you think I should address or is it good as is?
